                Chapter 06 - Assignment - Exploring the world


1) What is a Microservice?
A1) Microservices are an architectural and organizational approach to software development where software 
is composed of small independent services that communicate over well-defined APIs. These services are 
owned by small, self-contained teams.

2) What is Monolithic architecture?
A2) A monolithic architecture is a singular, large computing network with one code base that couples all 
of the business concerns together. To make a change to this sort of application requires updating the 
entire stack by accessing the code base and building and deploying an updated version of the service-side 
interface.

3) What is the difference between monolithic and Microservice?
A3) Plz refer this atlassian blog :-> https://www.atlassian.com/microservices/microservices-architecture/microservices-vs-monolith#:~:text=A%20monolithic%20application%20is%20built,on%20a%20number%20of%20factors.

4) Why do we need a useEffect hook?
A4) useEffect hook is used to fetch api and load data. It is executed when all data is fetched from the api.
It also has option to pass the parameter how frequently or when we need to load the data called as 
dependency array. If we keep dependency array empty it loads data once.

5) What is optional chaining?
A5) optional chaining is new feature of javascript introduced in es2020. It helps us if we are fetching any
key nested to any obj it gives us option as if the key is not present it wont break the code, it will return
undefined if reference is null else value of nested property is accessed.

6) What is SHIMMER UI?
A6) A shimmer UI is a version of the UI that doesn't contain actual content, but instead mimics the layout 
and shapes of the content that will eventually appear. It uses a gradient animation that creates a 
shimmering effect over the placeholders, giving the user a sense of motion and progress.

before shimmer ui or still plz use to give something like loading..... or any text or html which is not
user friendly. hence shimmer ui is introduced which mimics the structure which works according to human
tendency and people wait as if data is coming.

7) What is the difference between JS expression and JS statement?
A7) JS expression is a one line of javascript code while JS statement is multi line js code.

An expression is a block of code that evaluates to a value. A statement is any block of code that is 
performing some action. The distinction between an expression and a statement is important because an 
expression is a subset of a statement.

In react, in curly braces "{}" we write js expression everytime if we want to write js statement we need to 
wrap up js statement subset js expression in round braces "()".

8) What is Conditional Rendering, explain with a code example?
A8) Conditional rendering is an option which we can write as ternary operator whenever fe is waiting for 
data we can load anything like shimmer ui so that there is no loading stuff or empty screen infront of 
user.

In React, conditional rendering is the process of displaying different content based on certain conditions 
or states. It allows you to create dynamic user interfaces that can adapt to changes in data and user 
interactions. In this process, you can use conditional statements to decide what content should be 
rendered.

It basically give us option to render 2 different things according to need or selection of the user.

write code........

9) What is CORS?
A9) Cross-origin resource sharing (CORS) is a browser security feature that restricts cross-origin HTTP 
requests that are initiated from scripts running in the browser.

What is the role of CORS?
CORS is a protocol and security standard for browsers that helps to maintain the integrity of a website 
and secure it from unauthorized access. It enables JavaScripts running in browsers to connect to APIs and 
other web resources like fonts, and stylesheets from multiple different providers.

cors is a browser security which restricts fetching data from any outside domain.

10) What is async and await? 
A10)  The purpose of async / await is to simplify the syntax necessary to consume promise-based APIs.
Async functions always return a promise.
Async await works in function only. whenever we add async keyword in a function it allows us to use await
keyword in any asynchronous request for which it behaves like synchronus..... as in it will wait till 
it didn't give any response.

read it -> https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/async_function

11) What is the use of `const json = await data.json();` in  getRestaurants()?
A11) It helps getting data which we get from api call in json format so that we can easily map it in fe.