                Chapter 09 - Assignment - Optimising our App


1) When and why do we need lazy()?
A1) lazy() is a named import we get it from react library it is a super power which helps us to load 
component with separate bundler or create a separate bundler for that particular import.

We need it when there is so much code because in the end fe libraries uses bundlers which sum up all html,
css,js code in 1 file each. hence if we load everything in i js file it will be heavy and big file and it
is not a good practice Hence, we can use something like lazy and suspense which can create separate files
to load whenever we load the modules.

2) What is suspense?
A2) Suspense is an component which stop and handles the component which we are loading when we are using
lazy bcoz lazy returns promise (in short takes time bcoz it calls the callback function) which suspense 
manages so, it has something called fallback which can be used to write something like shimmer if bundler
is taking time to load or net is slow of user to load it quickly so that user has better experience.

3) Why we got this error : A component suspended while responding to synchronous input. This will cause 
the UI to be replaced with a loading indicator. To fix, updates that suspend should be wrapped with 
startTransition? How does suspense fix this error?
A3)  We get this error because lazy returns promise which comes under asynchronus task. Hence, we need 
something called suspense which comes from react library by which we can wrap our component inside it 
which waits for component to load its bundle to be loaded. Also, it gives cool feature like fallback which 
can be used to show (shimmer or loading page) something while it is loading. 

4) Advantages and disadvantages of using this code splitting pattern?
A4) Code splitting pattern is only required when we are creating big applications which contains 100s of
component as a result keeping all js in 1 bundler file is not feasible.

disadvantages are:->
a) Increased complexity in development and testing processes.
b) More network requests that can affect performance,
c) Additional code and dependencies that can increase the bundle size.

Advantages are:->
a) It lazy load file on demand.
b) It improves performance of react application.

5) When do we and why do we need suspense?
A5) We need suspense when we are using lazy from react library it helps in waiting for import made by lazy
because it return promise which need to be resolved hence it waits and till it waits it give an option 
known as fallback to show anything like shimmer or loading page by default.

In clear words, we need it bcoz in backend this in not available in our js file which is loaded , we need
to add a separate bundler file for it which will take some ms hence we need to wait till it loads.